Update README.md (#479)
pluto/web-prover: README.md

[![web-prover workflow](https://github.com/pluto/web-prover/actions/workflows/web-prover.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pluto/web-prover/actions/workflows/web-prover.yaml)
[![docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-e28f00)](https://docs.pluto.xyz)

> The Web Prover is infrastructure for generating Web Proofs. There are 2 components of the Web Prover — (1) the Client Crates, which run inside of the app or browser; and (2) Notary Crate, which is a hosted service. The default option for generating Web Proofs is to use the Pluto-hosted service.

Reviewer: It's 3 components: Clients, Notary, and Proofs

Author: made edit to fix this

[![web-prover workflow](https://github.com/pluto/web-prover/actions/workflows/web-prover.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pluto/web-prover/actions/workflows/web-prover.yaml)
[![docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-e28f00)](https://docs.pluto.xyz)

> The Web Prover is infrastructure for generating Web Proofs. There are 3 components of the Web Prover — (1) the Client Crates, which run inside of the app or browser; (2) Notary Crate, which is a hosted service; and (3) the Proofs Crate, which generates required circuits and artifacts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web Prover is infrastructure for generating Web Proofs. There are 3 components of the Web Prover — (1) the Client Crates, which run inside of the app or browser; (2) Notary Crate, which is a hosted service; and (3) the Proofs Crate, which handles running the circuits through the `client-side-prover`.
```
